# MastercardProcessingCoreApi.AccountContractBalances

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**additionalLimit** | **Number** | An additional authorization limit is used to increase the contract&#39;s available amount during the authorization. If the authorization amount is greater than the available amount but smaller than the available amount and the additional authorization limit combined, the authorization will be permitted. The amount exceeding the granted credit limit will be reflected in an over-limit account.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**available** | **Number** | Open To Buy: amount available for a client to perform transactions.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**balance** | **Number** | The amount used by a client, without contract blockages. For debit cards, the amount represents posted transactions, for credit cards it represents the amount owed to the Issuer.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**blockedAmount** | **Number** | The amount resulting from a transaction approval on the MP&#39;s side, when the transaction is not yet posted to a client contract. The purpose of amount blocking is to decrease the Open To Buy amount so that the client will not use more money than is available at the account contract level.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**creditLimit** | **Number** | Granted credit limit (applicable to credit cards only) is the amount the Issuer grants a client for their expenditures. Used to calculate the available amount each time the cardholder performs a transaction, a fee or interest is posted.  By default, the amount is presented as a positive number (without a minus sign) but can be a negative number depending on CMS configuration.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**pastDue** | **Number** | Amount, which is owed to the Issuer and which the client was obliged to repay by a certain due date but failed to repay. A past due amount is also known as a **past due Minimum To Pay amount**.  By default, the amount is presented as a negative number (with a minus sign) but can be a positive number depending on CMS configuration.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**totalDue** | **Number** | Amount, which is owed to the Issuer and which a client is obliged to repay by the nearest due date. When the client fails to do so, they may be subject to extra charges and the contract becomes delinquent. At that moment, the total due amount becomes the past due amount.  By default, the amount is presented as a negative number (with a minus sign) but can be a positive number depending on CMS configuration.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 


