# MastercardProcessingCoreApi.AccountContractData

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accountContractName** | **String** | Account contract name set by the Issuer.  | [optional] 
**accountContractNumber** | **String** | Account contract identifier generated by the Issuer&#39;s CBS system (Core Banking System). The identifier is stored in the MP&#39;s CMS system so that the Issuer can distinguish between their accounts.  &#x60;accountContractNumber&#x60; should be prefixed with a unique Issuer designation, for example \&quot;ABC_\&quot;, as it must be unique in the MP&#39;s CMS.  Note: The Issuer designation \&quot;ABC_\&quot; is configured in the MP&#39;s CMS and the Issuer is allowed to use only the value agreed with the MP.  | 
**accountContractSubtypeCode** | **String** | The field defines the subtype code of a contract. The value should be set only for products (an account contract or a card contract) for which a subtype definition is allowed.  *Disclaimer: &#x60;subtypeCode&#x60; is configured in the MP&#39;s CMS and the Issuer is allowed to use only the value configured by the MP (the Issuer cannot use their own values).*  | [optional] 
**branchCode** | **String** | Branch code under which a contract (an account contract or a card contract) has been created on the Issuer&#39;s side and which has been passed in a contract creation request. (&#x60;POST /accounts&#x60; or &#x60;POST /cards&#x60;). The value can be later used by the Issuer for reporting purposes.  | [optional] 
**cbsNumber** | **String** | Contract identifier (for an account contract or a card contract) generated on the Issuer&#39;s side and passed to the MP&#39;s CMS in the contract creation request. (&#x60;POST /accounts&#x60; or &#x60;POST /cards&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**clientId** | **Number** | A unique technical client identifier, generated by the MP&#39;s CMS database engine. The identifier is generated when client creation is completed successfully and is returned in a client creation response (&#x60;POST /clients&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**currency** | **String** | Account currency (format according to ISO 4217, alphanumeric code).  | [optional] 
**customData** | [**[CustomDataTag]**](CustomDataTag.md) | Contract custom data allow the Issuer to pass specific contract tags during the creation request. The tags may represent Issuer-specific field names and values, not available as separate, dedicated fields. The Issuer can specify a tag name and its value.  Custom data tags are stored in fixed containers (four containers are available) in a TAG&#x3D;VALUE; format (for example: CATEGORY&#x3D;A;GROUP&#x3D;G1;).  Each container has a length of 255 characters.  | [optional] 
**parentAccountContractId** | **Number** | Account&#39;s unique technical identifier from the MP&#39;s CMS database, which represents a parent account. The field is empty when an account is a top account. Non-empty value means the account has been created as a sub-account.  | [optional] 
**productCode** | **String** | Product code defines the configuration used for the contract creation (account or card). Product code is linked in the MP&#39;s CMS to certain parameters which define how a contract will be used (for example if it is a card contract or an account contract, a debit or a credit contract, etc.).  *Disclaimer: &#x60;productCode&#x60; is configured in the MP&#39;s CMS and the Issuer is allowed to use only the value configured by the MP (the Issuer cannot use their own value).*  In the standard product account &#x60;productCode&#x60; can be found in the Parametrization Workbook (PPW) in the *CD.1.3.003* and *CD.1.3.004* (in case of pre-embossed issuing mode).  | 
**serviceGroupCode** | **String** | Service groups are an additional client and contract classifier. For example, according to additional classification, VIP clients can be distinguished as a separate group. Service groups can be used to configure various filters for viewing data or generating reports.  *Disclaimer: Please contact the MP representative should new values be required. Available values will need to be agreed upon by the MP and the Issuer prior to the onboarding process as they need to be configured on the MP&#39;s side.*  | [optional] 


