# MastercardProcessingCoreApi.Client

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**additionalDate01** | **Date** | Additional date to meet the Issuer&#39;s individual needs. It can be any date which the Issuer wants to store on the client record - for example, the date when the client signed the agreement. (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ format).  | [optional] 
**additionalDate02** | **Date** | Additional date to meet the Issuer&#39;s individual needs. It can be any date which the Issuer wants to store on the client record - for example, the date when the client signed the agreement. (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ format).  | [optional] 
**clientBaseAddressData** | [**ClientBaseAddressData**](ClientBaseAddressData.md) |  | [optional] 
**clientCompanyData** | [**ClientCompanyData**](ClientCompanyData.md) |  | [optional] 
**clientContactData** | [**ClientContactData**](ClientContactData.md) |  | [optional] 
**clientIdentificationData** | [**ClientIdentificationData**](ClientIdentificationData.md) |  | [optional] 
**clientPersonalData** | [**ClientPersonalData**](ClientPersonalData.md) |  | [optional] 
**clientExpiryDate** | **Date** | Date of client expiration (YYYY-MM-DD format). When the date is met in the MP&#39;s CMS, the Issuer will not be able to create new account contracts or new cards for the client.  | [optional] 
**embossedData** | [**EmbossedData**](EmbossedData.md) |  | [optional] 
**amendmentDate** | **Date** | Date and time of the most recent change to the object (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ format).  | [optional] 
**amendmentOfficerId** | **Number** | Officer ID of the MP&#39;s CMS user who made the last change to the object.  | [optional] 
**amendmentOfficerName** | **String** | Officer name of the MP&#39;s CMS user who made the last change to the object.  | [optional] 
**clientId** | **Number** | A unique technical client identifier, generated by the MP&#39;s CMS database engine. The identifier is generated when client creation is completed successfully and is returned in a client creation response (&#x60;POST /clients&#x60;).  | 
**clientNumber** | **String** | Client&#39;s identifier generated by the Issuer&#39;s CBS system (Core Banking System). The identifier is stored in the MP&#39;s CMS so that - apart from the technical identifier &#x60;clientId&#x60; - the Issuer can distinguish between their customers.  &#x60;clientNumber&#x60; should be prefixed with a unique Issuer designation, for example \&quot;ABC_\&quot;, as it must be unique in the MP&#39;s CMS.  Note: The Issuer designation \&quot;ABC_\&quot; is configured in the MP&#39;s CMS and the Issuer is allowed to use only the value agreed with the MP.  | 
**clientType** | **String** | Client type.  | **Possible values**  | **Description**        | |--------------------- |----------------------- | | PNR                  | Private NonResident    | | PR                   | Private Resident       | | CR                   | Corporate Resident     | | CNR                  | Corporate NonResident  |  Notes:   * The field cannot be freely used because the client type has an impact on many CMS internal procedures. The Issuer must always agree with the MP which value should be used (in most cases \&quot;PR\&quot; is the default value)   * Please contact the MP representative should a value different than \&quot;PR\&quot; be needed, as using it requires configuration on the MP&#39;s side.  | [optional] 
**dateOpen** | **Date** | Date of the contract record creation in the MP&#39;s CMS (YYYY-MM-DD format).  | [optional] 
**orderDepartment** | **String** | Department accepting the creation request on the Issuer&#39;s side. The value can be later used by the Issuer for reporting purposes.  *Disclaimer: Please contact MP&#39;s representative should new values be required.* Available values will need to be agreed upon by the MP and the Issuer prior to the onboarding process as they need to be configured on the MP&#39;s side.  | [optional] 
**serviceGroupCode** | **String** | Service groups are an additional client and contract classifier. For example, according to additional classification, VIP clients can be distinguished as a separate group. Service groups can be used to configure various filters for viewing data or generating reports.  *Disclaimer: Please contact the MP representative should new values be required. Available values will need to be agreed upon by the MP and the Issuer prior to the onboarding process as they need to be configured on the MP&#39;s side.*  | [optional] 


