# MastercardProcessingCoreApi.ContractSummary

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**contractCategory** | **String** | Contract&#39;s contract category.  | **Possible values**  | |--------------------- | | Account              | | Card                 | | Device               |  | [optional] 
**contractId** | **Number** | Contract record id from MP&#39;s CMS database.  | 
**contractLevel** | **String** | Contract&#39;s level in contract hierarchy. This field informs about the contract level and about the sequence number of the contract in the level.  For example, if there is one account contract with two card contracts system will assign:   * . - for account contract   * .1. - for 1st card contract   * .2. - for 2nd card contract  If there is one account contract with two subaccount contracts with card contracts created under subaccounts system will assign:   * . - for top account contract   * .1. - for 1st subaccount contract   * .1.1. - for 1st card contract   * .1.2. - for 2nd card contract   * .2. - for 2nd subaccount contract   * .2.1. - for 1st card contract   * .2.2. - for 2nd card contract   * .2.3. - for 3rd card contract  | [optional] 
**contractName** | **String** | Contract name.  | [optional] 
**contractNumber** | **String** | Contract number (can be masked if PAN present).  | [optional] 
**leaf** | **String** | The technical attribute used in the Workbench (CMS GUI) screens.  | **Possible values**  | |--------------------- | | N                    | | Y                    |  | [optional] 
**liabilityCategory** | **String** | Type of link between upper-level liability account contract and account contract being created. Usually, the link is created to indicate one corporate headquarter account and many corporate branches accounts.  Possible values are: * Y - Full Liability    * Every corporate branch is independently responsible for the repayment of its loans and loan interest.   * All branches as a whole should not exceed the general corporate credit limit.   * Transactions executed in any corporate branch are regulated by usage limiters set for the entire corporation.   * Product parameters available when opening a corporate client&#39;s contract depend on the product parameters set for the corporate branch.  * N - Affiliated   * Every corporate branch is independently responsible for the repayment of its loans and loan interest.   * All branches as a whole should not exceed the general corporate credit limit.   * Transactions executed in any corporate branch are regulated by usage limiters set for the entire corporation.  * A - Only Check Balance   * Every corporate client has an independent credit limit and is independently responsible for the repayment of his/her loan and its interest.   * Product parameters available when opening a corporate client&#39;s accounts depend on the product parameters for the corporate branch.  * R - Reporting   * This link type is used to gather statistical data on account activity within its tree. This data is needed for generating \&quot;non-financial\&quot; reports, such as statements on all corporate accounts – without their consolidated totals.  | [optional] 
**liabilityContractId** | **Number** | Liability contract record id from the CMS database.  | [optional] 
**liabilityContractNumber** | **String** | Liability contract number.  | [optional] 


