# MastercardProcessingCoreApi.ContractFinancial

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**additionalCreditLimit** | **Number** | Amount of additional credit limit assigned to the contract. Amount expressed in the contract currency.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**additionalCreditLimitEffectiveDate** | **Date** | Additional credit limit effective date (YYYY-MM-DD format). Defines when additional credit limit becomes effective.  | [optional] 
**additionalCreditLimitExpiryDate** | **Date** | Additional credit limit expiration date (YYYY-MM-DD format). Defines when additional credit limit expires.  | [optional] 
**amendmentDate** | **Date** | Date and time of the most recent change to the object (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ format).  | 
**availableAmount** | **Number** | Contract&#39;s available amount. Amount expressed in the contract currency.  Presented as a positive amount (without a minus sign) but can be a negative number depending on the CMS configuration.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**balance** | **Number** | Contract&#39;s balance. Amount expressed in the contract currency.  Presented as a negative amount (with a minus sign) but can be a positive number depending on CMS configuration.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**blockedAmount** | **Number** | The amount of contract&#39;s blocked funds. Amount expressed in the contract currency.  Presented as a positive amount (without a minus sign) but can be a negative number depending on CMS configuration.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**clientId** | **Number** | A unique technical client identifier, generated by the MP&#39;s CMS database engine. The identifier is generated when client creation is completed successfully and is returned in a client creation response (&#x60;POST /clients&#x60;).  | 
**contractId** | **Number** | Contract record id from MP&#39;s CMS database.  | 
**creditLimit** | **Number** | Credit limit assigned to the contract. Amount expressed in the contract currency.  Presented as a positive amount (without a minus sign) but can be a negative number depending on CMS configuration.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**creditLimitEffectiveDate** | **Date** | Date when the credit limit becomes effective (YYYY-MM-DD format).  | [optional] 
**currency** | **String** | Currency of the due amount (format according to ISO 4217, alphanumeric code).  | 
**currencyNumericCode** | **String** | Currency of the due amount (format according to ISO 4217, numeric code).  | [optional] 
**currentDueAmount** | **Number** | Due amount for the current billing cycle. Amount expressed in the contract currency.  Presented as a negative amount (with a minus sign) but can be a positive number depending on CMS configuration.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**delinquencyHistory** | **String** | Delinquency history. 24-digit field showing the cardholder&#39;s short delinquency history of the last 24 billing cycles, each digit corresponds to a single billing cycle and may take on these values:   * Digits 1, 2, 3, ... etc. extended by &#39;+&#39; symbol - the value of delinquency level in given cycle.     * 0 - monthly payment was made on time     * 1 - monthly payment was overdue one month     * 2 - monthly payment was overdue for two months, etc.   * &#39;+&#39; symbol - funds on Due balance.   * &#39;_&#39; symbol - there is no history for the billing cycle.   * &#39;E&#39; symbol - no debt in the billing cycle  The field should be read from right to left. The first character represents the recent billing cycle.  Examples:  1) The value 321+E___________________ means the following:   - 3 - funds are on OVD_03 balance in the current cycle   - 2 - funds were on OVD_02 balance in the previous cycle   - 1 - funds were on OVD_01 balance   - &#39;+&#39; - funds on Due balance   - E - there was no debt in this cycle   - All the rest 19 characters are indicated as &#39;_&#39; since there are only 5 billing cycles in the contract history.  2) Let&#39;s have a contract, which has monthly billing and which is 10 months old by today. The contract has a debit transaction right after its creation and has never been paid. We will see the following history: E654321+++______________  That should be read as follows. From right to left: from 10 to 7 months ago the funds were on Due balance (+), 6 months ago funds were on OVD_01 balance (1), 5 months ago funds were on OVD_02 balance (2), ..., 1 month ago funds were on OVD_06 balance (6), the current period is not closed, so it&#39;s marked as &#39;E&#39; - no debt.  Then client repaid and does not have any debts for the next 10 months. The history will change as follows: EEEEEEEEEEE654321+++____  | [optional] 
**disputeAmount** | **Number** | Contract&#39;s disputed amount. Amount expressed in the contract currency.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**dueDate** | **Date** | Payment due date for the billing cycle (YYYY-MM-DD format).  Date by which cardholder has to repay **Minimum To Pay** amount to avoid excess charges and delinquency processing. This date is usually printed on the cardholder&#39;s statement.  The date is calculated by the CMS when the billing cycle is closed, according to Issuer-specific configuration. Possible configuration:   * First day of the cycle (no grace days)   * Number of days (X days) after the first day of the cycle.  | [optional] 
**graceDate** | **Date** | Contract&#39;s last billing grace date (YYYY-MM-DD format).  | [optional] 
**lastPaymentAmount** | **Number** | Amount expressed in the contract currency.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**lastPaymentDate** | **Date** | Date the last payment was made (YYYY-MM-DD format).  | [optional] 
**mainContractId** | **Number** | Main contract record id from the CMS database.  | [optional] 
**mainContractNumber** | **String** | The contract number of the main contract.  | [optional] 
**overlimitAmount** | **Number** | Contract&#39;s overlimit amount.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**parentContractId** | **Number** | Parent contract record id from the CMS database.  | [optional] 
**parentContractNumber** | **String** | The contract number of the parent contract number.  | [optional] 
**pastDueAmount** | **Number** | Contract&#39;s overdue amount. Amount expressed in the contract currency.  Presented as a negative amount (with a minus sign) but can be a positive number depending on CMS configuration.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**pastDueDate** | **Date** | The date on which the delinquency arose (format: YYYY-MM-DD). It is set when funds are transferred from a standard account to a delinquency account.  The field is filled only when a past due balance exists (past due amount is not repaid). The date on which delinquency arises is set in the Past Due Date field when funds are transferred from a standard account to a delinquency account  | [optional] 
**pastDueDays** | **Number** | The total number of days is calculated from &#x60;pastDueDate&#x60;. The field is filled only when a past due balance exists (past due amount is not repaid).  For example, delinquency arose on 01 March. This date is shown in the &#x60;pastDueDate&#x60; field. On 15 March, the total number of past due days shown in the Past Due Days field is 15 days.  | [optional] 
**previousCreditLimit** | **Number** | Previous credit limit assigned to the contract. Amount expressed in the contract currency.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**previousCreditLimitEffectiveDate** | **Date** | Previous credit limit effective date. The date when the previous credit limit became effective (YYYY-MM-DD format).  | [optional] 
**temporaryCreditLimit** | **Number** | Temporary credit limit assigned to the contract. Amount expressed in the contract currency.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 
**temporaryCreditLimitEffectiveDate** | **Date** | Temporary credit limit effective date. Defines when temporary credit limit becomes effective for the contract (YYYY-MM-DD format).  | [optional] 
**temporaryCreditLimitExpiryDate** | **Date** | Temporary credit limit expiration date. Defines when temporary credit limit expires (YYYY-MM-DD format).  | [optional] 
**totalDueAmount** | **Number** | Contract&#39;s total due amount. Amount expressed in the contract currency.  Presented as a negative amount (with a minus sign) but can be a positive number depending on CMS configuration.  The field can contain values up to 4 decimal places. A dot is used as a decimal separator.  | [optional] 


