# MastercardProcessingCoreApi.Plastic

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cardContractId** | **Number** | Unique technical card contract identifier generated by the MP&#39;s CMS. The identifier is generated when card contract creation finishes successfully and is returned in a card contract creation response (&#x60;POST /cards&#x60;).  | 
**cardContractNumber** | **String** | The card contract number represents a Primary Account Number (PAN). A PAN usually consists of 16 digits:   * The first six digits are the Bank Identification Number (BIN): a unique number within the payment organization (Mastercard, VISA)   * The following nine digits are the contract identification number, which can be generated randomly   * The last digit is a Luhn check digit.  The card contract number can be returned:   * unmasked - with a full PAN visible   * masked - with a full PAN masked according to the defined mask (a mask pattern is agreed with the Issuer and configured in the MP API)  | 
**cardExpiryDate** | **String** | Card expiry date (YYMM format).  | [optional] 
**chipScheme** | **String** | Name of a chip scheme used to create a physical card. For smart cards (cards with a chip), the chip scheme defines a set of transaction limiters saved in the chip memory during the card personalization (physical production).  | [optional] 
**companyName** | **String** | Client company name (free text field).  | [optional] 
**effectiveDate** | **Date** | Start date of a card&#39;s effective period (YYYY-MM-DD format).  | [optional] 
**embossedName** | **String** | Value embossed on a physical card.  | [optional] 
**orderSource** | **String** | Issuer&#39;s office that sent the card production order.  | [optional] 
**orderTarget** | **String** | Issuer&#39;s office to which the issued card and a PIN mailer will be sent.  | [optional] 
**personalizationFileName** | **String** | The name of a personalization file (a file sent to the personalization bureau).  Personalization files are generated by the MP. The process of file generation is executed by the MP several times per day, according to a defined schedule. All created cards marked for production are processed and placed in a personalization file.  | [optional] 
**plasticId** | **Number** | Technical identifier of a card plastic record in the MP&#39;s CMS.  | 
**productionCode** | **String** | A code under which a card contract has been created.  Possible values in the default configuration of the MP&#39;s CMS:   * NWOPIN_NOPROD (new card)     * physical card - No     * PAN - New     * PIN - Not required     * Expiry date - Set by the MP or the Issuer    * NWOPIN (new card)     * physical card - Yes     * PAN - New     * PIN - New     * Expiry date - Set by the MP or the Issuer    * RPLRE (duplicate card plastic)     * physical card - Yes     * PAN - Same     * PIN - Same     * Expiry date - Set by the MP or the Issuer    * RALLRE (duplicate card plastic)     * physical card - Yes     * PAN - Same     * PIN - New random PIN generated by the MP     * Expiry date - Set by the MP or the Issuer    * RPL (renew)     * physical card - Yes     * PAN - Same     * PIN - Same     * Expiry date - Set by the MP or the Issuer    * RPLRE_NOPROD (renew)     * physical card - No     * PAN - Same     * PIN - Not required     * Expiry date - Set by the MP or the Issuer    * NLOSTWOPIN (replacement)     * physical card - Yes     * PAN - New     * PIN - New     * Expiry date - Set by the MP or the Issuer    * RWOPIN_NOPROD (replacement)     * physical card - No     * PAN - New     * PIN - Not required     * Expiry date - Set by the MP or the Issuer  | [optional] 
**productionDate** | **Date** | Date of generating a card plastic personalization file (YYYY-MM-DD format).  | [optional] 
**productionEvent** | **String** | | **Possible values**  | |--------------------- | | Produce Card         | | Replace Card         |  | [optional] 
**productionReason** | **String** | Free text describing &#x60;productionCode&#x60;. | [optional] 
**productionType** | **String** | Card issuing method.  | **Possible values**  | **Description**                                                                                                                     | |--------------------- |------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | | Replace All          | A new card will be issued and a PIN mailer will be printed, e.g. when a new card is issued or a stolen card is replaced.            | | Replace Plastic      | Only a card will be issued, e.g. to replace an expired card.                                                                        | | Reorder PIN          | A new PIN will be issued.                                                                                                           | | Replace CVV          | A card with a new CVV value will be issued.                                                                                         | | Replace PIN          | The same PIN mailer will be printed again (this action is only allowed by a special agreement between the Issuer and the MP&#39;s CMS)  | | Replace Add Parms    | In the current system version, this production type is used to issue a PIN2.                                                        | | Replace Chip Data    | Calculation of encryption values for smart cards (no PIN code is generated and no PIN mailer is printed).                           | | REPRINT_PIN          | Obsolete.                                                                                                                           |  | [optional] 
**sequenceNumber** | **String** | The sequence number of a &#x60;Plastic&#x60;, created under the given card contract. Every new &#x60;Plastic&#x60; created has the next number in a sequence following previous card plastics.  | 
**status** | **String** | Card status determines whether transactions may be performed with the card.  | **Possible values**  | **Description**                                                                                                                    | |--------------------- |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | | Active               | The card is active and may be used to perform transactions                                                                         | | Inactive             | The card has been marked                                                                                                           | | Closed               | Status of an old card after a new card is issued; transactions with the old card may be performed until the new card is activated  | | Locked               | The card is locked; this corresponds to an issued but not activated card                                                           | | Rejected             | An error occurred at the data preparation and personalization step                                                                 | | From File            | The request to reissue the card (received via batch file) is being processed by the MP&#39;s CMS                                       | | Locked for Online    |                                                                                                                                    | | Deferred             |                                                                                                                                    |  | 


