# MastercardProcessingCoreApi.ReissuedCardContract

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**newCardContractId** | **Number** | Unique technical card contract identifier generated by the MP&#39;s CMS. The identifier is generated when card contract creation finishes successfully and is returned in a card contract creation response (&#x60;POST /cards&#x60;).  | 
**newCardContractNumber** | **String** | The card contract number represents the Primary Account Number (PAN). A PAN usually consists of 16 digits:   * The first six digits are the Bank Identification Number (BIN): a unique number within the payment organization (Mastercard, VISA)   * The following nine digits are the contract identification number, which can be generated randomly   * The last digit is a Luhn check digit.  The Issuer may enter a PAN number generated by themselves or leave the field empty: in such case, the MP&#39;s CMS will generate a PAN number on behalf of the Issuer.  To generate a PAN, the MP&#39;s CMS must be configured with BIN ranges for a given card product.  | 
**newCardExpiryDate** | **String** | New card expiry date (YYMM format).  | 
**newSequenceNumber** | **String** | The sequence number of a &#x60;Plastic&#x60;, created under the given card contract. Every new &#x60;Plastic&#x60; created has the next number in a sequence following previous card plastics.  | 
**plasticId** | **Number** | Technical identifier of a card plastic record in the MP&#39;s CMS.  | 


